src/content/projects/artec.md, before:

---
title: ART.E.C.
time: 02-23 to 09-23
description: AR/AI Art Experience
card: make an AR art experience detecting emotion using machine learning
image:
  url: /images/artec.gif
  alt: heroshot
role:
  - Hardware & Software Design
  - UX/UI Design
  - Research
team:
  - Martina Comola
  - Andrea Somenzi
  - Valerio Libardo
  - Gaia Rubino
  - Luca Grosso
links:
  - https://www.polifactory.polimi.it/en/portfolio/open-food-factory-ddp/
  - https://distributeddesign.eu/talent/hacko/
taglinks:
  - Project files
  - Distributed Design
tags:
  - AI
  - UX-Research
type:
  - None
draft: true
---
## Scope of the project

ARTEC is a project made for dancing in the streets

![heroshot](../../assets/cv.jpg)

---

Our brief consisted in developing a toolkit to be produced 
in Fab Labs. We aimed to make the project accessible to people who do not have knowledge of fermentation, keeping it cheap and fun for our users.
We worked for 5 months in Polifactory, the Fab Lab of Politecnico, iterating with prototypes and our own production of bran. My role was to develop the interaction and the software architecture of the fermenter.

All project files are visible on the [Polifactory website](https://www.polifactory.polimi.it/en/portfolio/open-food-factory-ddp/).

![hacko interface](../../assets/hacko-2.png)

---

### Interface Design

The design of the interface is based on interacting
with the Hackos, mascots that communicate with their colors the status of the fermented bran, that the user iterates with by touching the device.

To diminish energy waste an e-ink display is used.

Commit message:

adjusted heroshot and new header

src/content/projects/artec.md, after:

---
title: ART.E.C.
time: 02-23 to 09-23
description: AR/AI Art Experience
card: make an AR art experience detecting emotion using machine learning
image:
  url: /images/artec.gif
  alt: heroshot
role:
  - Hardware & Software Design
  - UX/UI Design
  - Research
team:
  - Martina Comola
  - Andrea Somenzi
  - Valerio Libardo
  - Gaia Rubino
  - Luca Grosso
links:
  - https://www.polifactory.polimi.it/en/portfolio/open-food-factory-ddp/
  - https://distributeddesign.eu/talent/hacko/
taglinks:
  - Project files
  - Distributed Design
tags:
  - AI
  - UX-Research
type:
  - None
draft: true
---
###  With ART.E.C. we aimed to discover how an art museum experience could change by introducing emotional computing in it. Through the use of facial expression databases and biometric sensors, we’ve built a machine-learning model, that could interpret the data in following the Russell emotion model.

---

![artec-1](../../assets/hacko-heroshot.jpg)

#### OUR WORK

Our brief consisted in developing a toolkit to be produced 
in Fab Labs. We aimed to make the project accessible to people who do not have knowledge of fermentation, keeping it cheap and fun for our users.
We worked for 5 months in Polifactory, the Fab Lab of Politecnico, iterating with prototypes and our own production of bran. My role was to develop the interaction and the software architecture of the fermenter.

All project files are visible on the [Polifactory website](https://www.polifactory.polimi.it/en/portfolio/open-food-factory-ddp/).



---

### Interface Design

The design of the interface is based on interacting
with the Hackos, mascots that communicate with their colors the status of the fermented bran, that the user iterates with by touching the device.

To diminish energy waste an e-ink display is used.
